200 days since Israel began its genocide
of Gaza and its Onslaught shows no sign
of letting
up and again it's women and children who
are the
victims was just 7 years old when the
missile
struck his mother now left without a
son we were inside the house and
suddenly the house bricks scattered
everywhere we kept looking for Ishmael
but he wasn't in the house and he wasn't
in the street Ishmael had disappeared he
was not even in the houses of our
neighbors finally we found ishmael's
body he flew a long distance of more
than 20
M the Israeli Army gave little warning
to evacuate this part of Bahia in the
Norther in Gaza
STP but those warnings do not matter
anymore to people left hanging on to
life
here we're in a very dire situation I'm
too exhausted I walked all the way from
home on foot I can't continue like this
what happens happens it's in Allah's
hands others are being forced to leave
any way they can hoping to find safety
in Jalia refugee
camp lives destroyed in his family red
apart Israel stands accused of genocide
at the international court of justice
the court has already ordered Israel to
guarantee the safety of civilians and
Order Israel continues to ignore 200
days into its war on Gaza T abaz Al
jazer Rafa
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer